The JollysBeing DifferentKatie played on the jungle gym at the park. She hung upside down and watched the world from a different view. Her long blonde hair hung from her head, almost touching the ground below.The ground was above, and the sky was below. Katie saw many pairs of legs shuffling about. Their faces looked weird. Instead of standing tall and reaching the heavens, treetops bent inward towards the ground, their roots exposed on top of them.If I look at the world this way, everything is so different. Just like there are different kinds of people in this world, Katie thought.Katie pulled herself upright again and sat straight up. She looked at the people around the park.People not only look different, but they think differently too, she thought.Some people were tall, short, round, thin, young, and old. They had different colored eyes: black, blue, brown and green. They had different shapes of noses: straight, pointy, flat and wide. Some people even had freckles.It's good to be different. That's what makes us who we are. Katie remembered what her mom always said.Katie jumped off the jungle gym and headed towards her mother, who sat on a bench reading a magazine."Your hair is such a mess, dear. Come here, let me fix it for you," Katie's mom said. She was always neat and tidy."Mom, why can't I go to regular school with other children? Why do I have to be homeschooled? Katie asked."We've discussed this many times, Katie. It's what I think is best for our family," Katie’s mom said."I know, but why do I have to be different?" Katie exclaimed."It's because we ARE different that makes us so special. Just imagine if we were all the same, had the same ideas and the same thoughts. Everything would stay the same, day in and day out. How boring would that be?" Katie's mom said.Katie thought about that for a moment. "Yes, I guess you're right. We wouldn't be able to think about new things or do cool stuff. We wouldn’t be able to be creative if we were all the same. That’s what we call individuality.""Being different allows us to be our true selves. When you're a bit older, I think you'll understand it more," Katie's mom said."I'm going for a walk, mom."Katie walked towards the swings and saw a group of older girls picking up dry leaves from the ground and throwing them over another younger girl with curly red hair.Katie recognized the young girl with the curly red hair. She had begun to cry. She was a known troublemaker around the park and not that much older than Katie.The older girls saw Katie standing and watching them. They called Katie to join them."Come and help us. This girl needs to be taught a lesson," they said."You shouldn't do that. It's not nice. It’s mean what you’re doing," Katie said to the older girls."But you know this girl. She's always butting in where she doesn't belong," they said."Leave her alone, or else I’ll call my mom. Can't you see she's crying?" Katie said to them.The older girls stormed off in a huff leaving Katie and the crying girl alone.Katie comforted the girl and told her not to cry. Katie told the girl that she should try and behave better so that she wouldn’t get bullied.Katie didn't realize that her mom had been watching her from nearby.“See, you were true to yourself back there. You could have joined in with the older girls, but you didn't. You are your own person. You did what was right and not what they expected you to do. That is your individuality," Katie's mom gushed with pride."I think that I see what you mean, Mom, thanks for explaining it to me. I guess it’s okay to be different," Katie said, smiling."As a mom, it's my job to teach you these values.""If I were the president, my number one rule would be that all people had to have fun at least once a day. They wouldn’t be allowed to be so serious all the time. They could just do cartwheels in their garden. That’s always fun. And, there would be free candy and video games for everyone, of course, " Katie giggled."Now that would definitely be different," Katie's mom chuckled. 