CHAPTER 1P.E.  Even though Alan and Tom Jolly are twins, they are nothing alike. Alan was always the caring, sensible, and shy twin. Tom was the naughty, silly, and outgoing twin. Tom sometimes likes to make fun of Alan. Today Tom was really terrible to Alan.While the family was having breakfast, Tom threw a piece of toast at Alan. “Stop making fun of Alan,” barked Grandpa Henry, “he is your twin brother, and you need to show him respect.” “Yes, Grandpa,” said Tom.But as soon as Grandpa Henry turned around, Tom made a silly face at Alan.Soon their mom, Wendy Jolly, shouted, “Time to go to school! You don’t want to be late!”The boys quickly rushed out of the kitchen and into the van. When they were in the van, Tom would not stop making fun of Alan’s glasses. Tom said, “Your glasses make your head look big.” Afterward, Alan began to cry. “Why do you always make fun of me?” Alan said weeping.Tom replied, “Because you are my twin brother, and don’t you forget that.”Mom warned them if they didn’t behave, they wouldn’t get any dessert for dinner that night, and the boys were finally silent.   At school, Alan and Tom had the same classes. Tom was very excited today because this week, in P.E., they were going to play flag football. Alan was not happy about P. E. because he knew Alan was going to tackle him.  When lunch was over, the kids made their way to the gym. Their P.E. teacher, Mr. Anderson, was next to the footballs. “Today we are going to play flag football, and we will be playing against the other grade 2 class,” said Mr. Anderson.Alan was now even more nervous. Why did we have to play against the other grade 2 class? They were even meaner to me than my brother is, Alan thought.During the game, one of the kids with blond hair and blue eyes tackled him, and everyone started to laugh at him. “No, tackling, Steve,” said Mr. Anderson. But the kids didn’t listen to him.They soon started to laugh at Alan and tease him because of his glasses. Alan was upset, but he didn’t know what to do. Tom was watching the other boys make fun of Alan. It didn’t feel right. Even though Tom would make fun of Alan, he didn’t like watching other people make fun of his brother. For the rest of the day, Tom didn’t pay attention to class. On the car ride home, he was quieter than usual.  CHAPTER 2Defending AlanThe next day at breakfast, Tom didn’t throw food at Alan. He did not say a mean word to Alan. “You seem awfully quiet today,” said Grandpa.“I am not feeling well,” said Tom.“Maybe you are getting sick,” Anne said as she played with her food.“Get in the car! It is time to go to school,” shouted Mom.The car ride was quieter than usual. “Have a good day at school, and Tom, look after your brother,” Mom said as she drove away.Classes today were as normal as ever. After lunch, Alan seemed a bit slower and more upset than usual. They were going to play touch football again with the other grade 2 class. Alan didn’t know his name, but the blonde hair boy from yesterday was coming at him again. The boy looked mean, like he was going to hurt Alan. Alan was nervous and wanted to cry. He wished someone would help him.Suddenly, before the blonde boy could do anything, Tom was standing in the boy’s way with his arms outstretched.“Don’t you ever hurt my brother again!” shouted Tom.“Don’t tell me what to do,” yelled the blonde-haired boy.“If you make my brother cry again, I am going to the coach and reporting you to him,” said Tom.The blonde hair boy looked at Tom. Tom was very determined and looked like he would tell. Soon the blonde hair boy looked down and walked away. As the kids were heading back to class, Alan was confused. Tom often makes fun of me. Why did he defend me? He thought while he was walking back from PE. Then suddenly, Alan asked Tom, “Why did you defend me?”Tom waited a few seconds and said, “I didn’t like it when the blonde hair boy was mean to you.”Alan said, “But you often make fun of me. What makes him any different from you?”“Yes, I do like to make fun of you, but no one else can hurt my brother. I will always be here to protect you from harm,” said Tom.“Thank you, brother,” Alan responded.Alan felt a little better about his brother as they walked to their next class.