The Jollys

Call Your Mommy 
Table of Contents

CHAPTER 1
Tim’s Trauma	4
CHAPTER 2
The Black Diamond	6
CHAPTER 3
Blackhole	8
CHAPTER 1
Tim’s Trauma
Tom, Alan, and Dennis get off the lift and ski over to the large map covered in snow. 
“Okay, guys, what trail sounds good!?” Tom asks.
“Hmmm… I want to do something hard!” Alan exclaims.
“What about a black diamond (a difficult ski trail, not for beginners)!?” Tom shouts.
“Yeah!” Dennis shouts. 
Everyone nods in agreement.
Dennis points at the map with this pole, “What about Idiot’s Option? I like the name of that ski trail,” Dennis says.
“Maybe next time, that trail is far away,” Tom says as he points at the map. 
“Ooooo, how about Tim’s Trauma (trauma- to get hurt)?” Alan asks.
“Ummm… that ski trail sounds dangerous…” Dennis says with a nervous look. 
“It’ll be fine. If you don’t want to do it, there’s always the call your mommy ski trail, ” Tom says and laughs. 
Dennis scowls at Tom and says, “Fine. I’m sure I can make it down.”
The boys ski over to Tim’s Trauma.
The boys arrive and look over the edge of the ski slope. It looks dangerous with ice and rocks. The boys are worried.
“This looks dangerous. Maybe we should try the next trail,” Tom says.
“I thought the next trail was for scared boys that wanted to call their mommy?” says Dennis with a smirk.
Tom scowls at Dennis.
Alan says, "Yeah, but this ski trail looks dangerous, and I think…”
“No, it’s fine! We came all the way here, and we are going down this trail.” Tom shouts.
Dennis looks over the edge and says, “Maybe it’s called Tim’s Trauma for a reason… maybe someone named Tim got hurt here…”
“Let’s just go!” Tom says as he starts onto the trail.
“Wait, no…” Alan groans.
Alan and Dennis follow Tom down the trail with scared looks on their faces. CHAPTER 2
The Black Diamond
Alan and Dennis make it to a flat part on the hill and stop skiing. They look tired and scared.
“Okay, let’s not do that again…” Alan says shakily.
“Agreed,” Dennis says. 
Alan looks around, “Where’s Tom?”
Alan looks up to see that Tom is having a hard time skiing down the trail. “Hey, are you okay?” Alan yells.
Tom frowns and looks down at Alan, “No, not really…” Tom shouts. 
“If it’s too hard, just go on your butt and scoot down!” Dennis hollers.
“Okay…” Tom says with worry. 
Tom sits down on his butt and points his skis down the hill. He puts his poles in one hand and pushes himself forward with the other. 
“Okay, here I come…” Tom says with worry. 
Tom goes fast down the hill and crashes into Alan.
“Owww…” Alan groans. 
“Sorry…” Tom says as he tries to stand up. 
Dennis skis over to them. He looks up and sees a sign, “Blackhole — ski trail?” Dennis asks.
Tom and Alan look up at the sign and look down at the trail. The trail is in the woods and looks dark and dangerous. 
“That looks dangerous. Let’s continue down this trail…” Dennis says.
The boys look down at the rest of Tim’s Trauma. There are rocks with large piles of snow surrounding them and icy patches that look like shiny yellow snow. “Doesn’t that look even more dangerous…” Tom says. 
“Why not try this trail, it can’t be too bad,” Alan says as he looks down the trail, “If we are going too fast, we can just grab a tree.”
“Okay, I guess we can try it,” Dennis says. 
Tom frowns and thinks about his two options. “Okay, let’s go.”
CHAPTER 3
Blackhole
Tom goes first, down the dark trail. Alan follows after his brother but turns left — into a tree! 
“Oof!” Alan groans.
Dennis yells at his friends from the top of the ski trail:
“I’m not sure about this, guys, this looks scarier than the other trail…”. 
Tom grabs the nearest tree and swings around it to stop himself, “This isn’t that bad. Just take it slow.” Tom says.
Dennis starts skiing down the trail and loses control. He slams into a tree face first. “Ow!” Dennis yelps.
Alan, still gripping the tree, asks, “Are you okay?”
“No, I don’t want to do this,” Dennis whines, “I’m hurt, and I feel like I’m going to throw-up!” Dennis’s yells and starts to cry. 
Tom stops again by grabbing another tree, “There is no other way down, and we can’t turn back,” Tom says. “The next opening we see, we will take it, okay?”
Dennis wipes his tears and nods his head.
The boys ski from tree to tree as they go slowly down the mountain.
Tom sees the end of the trees and yells, “Hey, guys! I found a way out!”
Dennis and Alan sigh with relief.
“Finally, my legs are tired,” Alan says. 
Tom rushes forward to the clearing and catches his pole on a branch. He is pulled backward and falls. 
Alan rushes over to find Tom with his feet above his head and his butt in the snow. Alan can’t help but laugh, “Ha ha ha ha ha!”
“Hey, don’t laugh at me!” Tom yells.
Dennis rushes over to the clearing and stands at the exit. He looks up to see Alan laughing at the upside-down Tom. “Ha! Are you okay up there?” Dennis shouts. 
“Yeah, I’m fine!” Tom shouts. 
The group meets up at the clearing. It is the end of the dangerous trail. 
“Let’s stick to the easier trails for the rest of the day. I don’t think I can handle another trail like that,” Alan says.
Dennis nods.
“Agreed!” Tom shouts.
“Hey, at least we tried something new,” Alan says.
“Yeah, maybe we can do it again later in the season when there’s more snow, and we’re more experienced,” Tom says.
“No, thank you! I will stay on the easy trails,” Dennis says.
The friends laugh and continue down the easy ski trail. At the bottom of the mountain, they call their mommy’s because they had a scary day.
