The Jollys

Dear Tooth Fairy
CHAPTER 1
Dear Tooth Fairy
“Susan!” Anne called and ran downstairs to find the babysitter. “Susan! My tooth fell out! Look at it!”
"Anne, are you alright?" asked Susan.
“I’m great! Now I can put this under my pillow for the tooth fairy,” said Anne.
“Did you know that in other countries, kids who lose their teeth have different beliefs?” asked Susan.
“Like what?” 
"Some kids bury their lost teeth, and some throw them up somewhere high like the roof. My mom told me about it when I was a kid," said Susan.
“But then they don’t get any money,” said Anne. “And what about the tooth fairy? She wouldn’t have a job if every kid threw their teeth away.” 
"I think she'll be ok. Come here. Let me see that tooth," said Susan. 
Anne showed her the tooth but didn't let her touch it. Anne didn't want to throw it away or bury it.
“My mom studies history. When I was a little girl, she told me that if I lost a tooth from my bottom jaw, I should throw it on the roof,” said Susan.
“Why would you do that?” asked Anne.
“Because some people in Asian countries believe that it will encourage the new tooth to grow toward the old tooth,” said Susan. 
“Mine fell out of my top jaw,” said Anne.
"Then, you should bury it in the ground or put it on the floor. That way, the tooth on the top jaw will grow down toward the old tooth," said Susan. "Would you like to try it?"
“I don’t know. What about the tooth fairy?” Anne asked, sadly.
“The tooth fairy is something that many English-speaking countries believe in,” said Susan.
"I speak English, and I think that if I put my tooth under my pillow, the tooth fairy will come and leave me two dollars," Anne said. “That's what Tom and Alan always did when they lost a tooth.”
“Everyone has their own beliefs, right?” said Susan. 
How do we know who is right and who is wrong? Anne thought.
“Does that mean the tooth fairy isn’t real?” asked Anne. Her eyes watered a little at the thought.
"That's the thing about believing in something we can't see. We can’t be certain. It's a personal belief. Some people believe in tooth fairies, and some people believe in throwing or burying teeth. It's what makes the world interesting," said Susan.
"I believe in the tooth fairy, but I want to see if the other idea is real, too,"  Anne declared excitedly.
“We can test both theories,” Susan offered.
Anne thought for a minute and then came up with an idea.
"I will bury my tooth outside by Spike's doghouse, and then I can write a letter to the tooth fairy to tell her that I am testing a new belief," she said.
“That sounds like a plan. Let’s go bury that tooth,” said Susan. She turned on the porch light, and they both went outside to dig a tiny hole for the tooth. Then, they went back inside. Anne raced up to her bedroom to write a letter to the tooth fairy. 
Dear Tooth Fairy,
I lost another tooth tonight. It fell from the top, and my babysitter told me to bury it to see if the new tooth will grow down to find the old one. I hope you'll still visit me the next time I lose a tooth. Fly safe! Oh, and watch out for Tom’s pillow. He lost a tooth too and set up a trap to catch you. Be careful in there.
Love, Anne Jolly
Anne put the note under her pillow and tried her best to stay awake. She wanted to see if the tooth fairy would still visit her even though her tooth was outside. She must have been more tired than she thought because she fell asleep and didn’t wake up until the sun was out. Realizing that she had fallen asleep, she jumped up and flipped her pillow over. She smiled brightly when she found two dollars and a tiny note. 
Dear Anne Jolly,
Thank you for your note. I think it’s neat that you’re trying something new. I’ll still visit you when your teeth fall out for as long as you believe in me. I appreciate the tip about Tom’s room. I managed to get in and fly out without being caught!
Love, Tooth Fairy
Anne rushed to look in the mirror to see if her tooth had grown in yet. It hadn't grown all the way in, but she could see it starting! It turns out, lots of things can be true if you want to believe in them.
