The JollysIt’s a Colorful Life Table of ContentsCHAPTER 1	4Tom Likes the Color Green	4CHAPTER 2	5Alan Likes the Color Yellow	5CHAPTER 3	6Anne Likes the Color Red	6CHAPTER 4	7Wendy Likes the Color Blue	7CHAPTER 5	8John Likes the Color Purple	8CHAPTER 6	9Grandma Helen Likes the Color Orange	9CHAPTER 7	10Grandpa Henry Likes the Color Brown	10CHAPTER 8	11The Jolly Family Love the Rainbow	11 CHAPTER 1Tom Likes the Color GreenTom Jolly is seven years old. Tom Jolly is the youngest brother in the Jolly family. He is just a little younger than his twin brother Alan. Tom likes the color green. Tom has many green things. Tom has green socks. Tom feels happy when he wears his green socks. Tom has a green toy car. Tom feels relaxed when he plays with his green toy car. Tom even has a green skateboard. Tom feels excited when he is skating on his green skateboard.Many things in Tom’s house are green, and many things in nature are green. Tom likes the green things in nature. The leaves blowing in the wind on the trees in the garden are green. The frog swimming in the garden pond is green. Even the sour-tasting lime growing on the tree is green. With so many green things in the world, Tom always has a reason to smile. CHAPTER 2Alan Likes the Color YellowAlan Jolly is seven years old. Alan Jolly is the oldest brother in the Jolly family. He is just a little older than his twin brother Tom. Alan likes the color yellow. Alan has many yellow things. Alan has yellow crayons. Alan feels happy when he draws with his yellow crayons. Alan has a yellow book. Alan feels relaxed when he reads his yellow book. Alan even has a yellow drum. Alan feels excited when he is playing music on his yellow drum.Many things in Alan’s house are yellow, and many things in nature are yellow. Alan likes the yellow things in nature. The bananas which the family eats to stay healthy are yellow. The bird flying above the house is yellow. Even the flowers growing in the grass are yellow. With so many yellow things in the world, Alan always has a reason to smile. CHAPTER 3Anne Likes the Color RedAnne Jolly is five years old. Anne Jolly is the youngest child in the Jolly family. She is two years younger than her brothers Alan and Tom. Anne likes the color red. Anne has many red things. Anne has some red candy. Anne feels happy when she eats her red candy. Anne has a red beach towel. Anne feels relaxed when she lies down on her red beach towel. Anne even has a red ball. Anne feels excited when she is bouncing her red ball.Many things in Anne’s house are red, and many things in nature are red. Anne likes the red things in nature. The cherries growing high up in the cherry tree are red. The butterfly flapping around the tall trees is red. Even the rocks in the sandstone canyon are red. With so many red things in the world, Anne always has a reason to smile. CHAPTER 4Wendy Likes the Color BlueWendy Jolly is thirty-four years old. Wendy Jolly is the mother of the Jolly family. Wendy is two years younger than her husband, John. Wendy likes the color blue. Wendy has many blue things. Wendy has a blue handbag. Wendy feels happy when she is carrying her blue handbag. Wendy has a vase of blue flowers decorating the hall. Wendy feels relaxed when she looks at her vase of blue flowers. Wendy even has a blue swimming costume. Wendy feels excited when she is swimming in her blue swimming costume.Many things in Wendy’s house are blue, and many things in nature are blue. Wendy likes the blue things in nature. The sky above the city of Los Angeles is blue. The tropical fish swimming in the aquarium are blue. Even the sea by Santa Monica Beach is blue. With so many blue things in the world, Wendy always has a reason to smile. CHAPTER 5John Likes the Color PurpleJohn Jolly is thirty-six years old. John Jolly is the father of the Jolly family. John is two years older than his wife, Wendy. John likes the color purple. John has many purple things. John has a purple golf club. John feels happy when he is hitting balls with his purple golf club. John has a secret purple pouch full of money. John feels relaxed when he knows where his secret purple money pouch is. John even has purple running shoes. John feels excited when he is running in his purple running shoes. Many things in John’s house are purple, and many things in nature are purple. John likes the purple things in nature. The plums which grow in the orchard in Boston, where Wendy’s family lives, are purple. The lavender which smells so fresh is purple. Even the night sky above the mountains sometimes looks purple. With so many purple things in the world, John always has a reason to smile. CHAPTER 6Grandma Helen Likes the Color OrangeGrandma Helen is sixty-five years old. Helen is John’s mother and the grandmother of the Jolly family. Grandma Helen is two years younger than her husband, Henry. Grandma Helen likes the color orange. Grandma Helen has many orange things. Grandma Helen has an orange cake tin. Grandma Helen feels happy when she is baking cakes in her orange cake tin. Grandma Helen has a warm orange blanket. Grandma Helen feels relaxed when she is sleeping under her warm orange blanket. Grandma Helen even has a bottle of orange soda in the fridge. Grandma Helen feels excited when she has cold orange soda to drink.Many things in Grandma Helen’s house are orange, and many things in nature are orange. Grandma Helen likes the orange things in nature. The carrots which grow under the ground are orange. The fish living in the pond are orange. Even the gentle fire on the grill is orange. With so many orange things in the world, Grandma Helen always has a reason to smile. CHAPTER 7Grandpa Henry Likes the Color BrownGrandpa Henry is sixty-seven years old. Henry is John’s father and the grandfather of the Jolly family. Grandpa Henry is two years older than his wife, Helen. Grandpa Henry likes the color brown. Grandpa Henry has many brown things. Grandpa Henry has a smart brown belt. Grandpa Henry feels happy when he is wearing his smart brown belt. Grandpa Henry has a brown leather journal. Grandpa Henry feels relaxed when he is writing in his brown leather journal. Grandpa Henry even has a brown compass. Grandpa Henry feels excited when he is using his brown compass to explore the forests. Many things in Grandpa Henry’s house are brown, and many things in nature are brown. Grandpa Henry likes the brown things in nature. The trunks of the tall trees are brown. The fur on the wild bears is brown. Even the earth that feeds the plants is brown. With so many brown things in the world, Grandpa Henry always has a reason to smile. CHAPTER 8The Jolly Family Love the RainbowThe Jolly Family lives in a very colorful world. Every member of the Jolly family loves the colors in their house, and the colors they see in nature.Can you find a green frog in your pond? Can you eat a yellow banana? Can you find a red rock? Can you swim in the blue sea? Can you smell purple lavender? Can you dig up an orange carrot? Can you hide from a big brown bear?The Jolly Family like lots of different colors, because the Jolly Family knows that every color is special. Indeed, it is not the individual colors that make our world so beautiful, it is seeing all the different colors together. 